I just went back to see my friend.
It's not that I won't come back.
You don't have to accompany me back
I bought a lot of baby stuff for your friend
You can't carry it by yourself
You can always find one
Reasons I can't refuse
This was Miaomiao and I's favorite place before
Their roast duck is the best in the city
Then I'll definitely try it later.
No problem, my treat.
You seem to be much happier after returning home
Maybe I have my favorite friend in China
It's a pity that he suddenly can't come today
Otherwise, I will definitely introduce you to you.
It's okay, there's still a long follow-up time.
We have time to get to know each other
Is it convenient to eat together, uncle?
Let's see what to eat